External Opensearch Support (#3047)
chef/chef-server: docs-chef-io/content/server/v14/config_rb_server_optional_settings.md

not occur if you increment the version of a cookbook with every cookbook update, which is the recommended approach to updating cookbooks.
{{< /note >}}

### OpenSearch

This configuration file has the following settings for `opensearch`:

`opensearch['external']`

> : Enable external `opensearch` service by setting `true`. Default value: `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Enable external `opensearch` service by setting to `true`. Default value: `false`.
```

`opensearch['external_url']`

> : External opensearch url. Example: `http://127.0.0.1:9200`. Default value: `nil`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The external OpenSearch URL. Example: `http://127.0.0.1:9200`. Default value: `nil`
```

{{< note >}}

> Chef Infra Server supports OpenSearch only as an external indexing provider. Both `external` and `external_url` must be provided under this configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef Infra Server supports OpenSearch only as an external indexing provider. You must provide values for `external` and `external_url` under this configuration.
```
